hi this is a movie called the prodigy
spoilers ahead enjoy
movie begins with a house in ohio where
the girl breaks the door running into
the woods when she arrived on the road
she was almost hit by a car
she started screaming that the man took
her hand
next scene we are seeing sarah and her
husband john she felt pain as the baby
is arriving earlier than it should jon
drives her to hospital and asking if she
is feeling okay a man who kidnapped the
girl is still in the house and police is
coming after him he does not know she
disappeared and goes to check on her
after seeing she escaped he started
screaming he comes out naked and the
police shoot him but then they saw him
holding someone's arm cut off miles is
born but with different eyes colors it's
called heterochromia they gave him a
medicine but he does not cry and after
only five months he started speaking by
saying word mama they called him
smartypants as miles is very special
they signed him to preschool but he is
having a very difficult time making
friends and started showing his second
side
miles is now eight
he is doing some funny things with his
eyes and make his mom laugh they leave
miles with zoe as they are going on a
date night zoe said you can pick one
game to play
miles choose hide and seek zoe is
counting to 10 and when she opened her
eyes miles is standing right in front of
her instead of hiding
then she gave him more time by counting
to 20 miles turned off the light in the
basement she saw the doors open and
headed downstairs stepped on the glass
and hurt her leg after that miles said
to his parents that he does not remember
anything the dog barks at sarah and goes
out she entered the miles room and saw
him whispering something in other
language and started to record his voice
in school miles wants to do group
activity with haley but dash said that
he is sorry as they are already working
on their plan then miles started
speaking some other language like
earlier and hurt dash
next day sarah took him to the doctor to
see what is wrong
miles said that he did it because some
person is hurting him and he can't say
who
sarah gave her the tape she recorded
later that night he wakes up and said
that person is inside here when she went
to a specialist he said that her son
speaks hungarian and it was a special
dialect spoken by only 40 000 people in
the world
and it was swear words he spoke he
started talking about possibility of
reincarnation
miles started homing some song when mom
asked him what is that song he said that
she used to sing it when he was a baby
but she does not recognize it and
started believing what they were saying
about him she told john about what
doctor said and he finds it crazy
john goes out to find a dog but he can't
find it he asked miles to join him miles
started talking about how he is a great
dad for someone who has been beaten by a
father and he could not know that as
only john and sarah knew that then he
saw a camera and they found out he is
spying on them started yelling at him
about camera and the dog sarah stopped
him miles said to his mom what is wrong
with him and that every night he leaves
his body when he is laying awake in bed
because he needs to make a room for some
things
she wakes up and sees him standing
upright he said he is scared and she
calls him but when he hugs mom he became
someone else it was just a bad dream but
then she saw multiple fly leading her to
the basement and finds out that miles
killed the dog and hid it in the
basement
he said sometimes when he leaves his
body bad things happen
sarah takes him to the doctor who
hypnotizes him because he wants to talk
to another person
the only way for him to be cured is to
find out what the other person wants
he asked him to tell him his name but he
said he became miles now doctor said
miles if you hear me tell me the name
and he started scratching the couch then
the other person inside miles said that
he took a dr medicine in his bathroom
and he will said to the police that he
drugged him so he must say to sarah that
he failed because there is not anyone
inside her son
and that he must never see them again
dr agrees and said to sarah that
everything is fine with him
but when they left he saw a name written
on the couch
doctor calls her later and said that she
goes to a quiet place where miles is not
nearby and that she does not trust
anything what miles said
he said the name is edwards karka and
she types it she looks at the eyes and
they are the same
he just died before miles was born he
killed nine women but the last one
managed to get away but not before he
cut off her hand they all had their hand
removed it was his trademark the
survivor name is margaret and she wrote
a book about her ordeal and she led the
police to him john wakes up and she said
we have to do something about miles
tomorrow he pick up miles while he was
in school as they were planning to take
him to a private institution
while she was packing his clothes she
finds miles secret stuff there was a
book of the survivor and all the news
about the victim
then she saw a drawing and she knew why
he comes back margaret is the reason and
he wants her dead john told miles that
he is not coming home and he is going to
live somewhere else
miles cuts the car belt and stubs john
on the side as he loses control and hit
the car
john is unconscious at hospital and
fighting hard to recover sarah took her
kid and said she know how to help him
when she goes in a store he saw the book
she gave him a pill to sleep because she
cannot trust him and she bring the gun
she is planning to kill margaret so her
son can come back margaret opens the
door and welcome her with a tea she is
living alone but have son named david
and he is starting a sophomore year
sarah is feeling bad about this and go
to use a bathroom but she know that this
is the only way to help her son
she comes back with a gun pointing at
margaret but she gave up and cannot do
it then suddenly miles appeared in front
of her and said which one you like
better blue or hazel and margaret said
that was what he said the night she met
him he stabbed her in her stomach and
proceed why he comes for
he went outside and sarah followed him
he said it's too late miles is gone now
and he took the control of the body
sarah takes out the gun in anger and
someone shoot her the old guy thought
she was going to shoot a kid and he was
going to save him they took the kid as
they are planning to give him a new
family who can care about him until his
dad gets better he walks into his room
and looked at the mirror and saw his
true self